aiobotocore==2.23.0
    # via s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asdf==4.2.0
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-coordinates-schemas
    #   gwcs
    #   jdaviz
    #   specutils
    #   stdatamodels
asdf-astropy==0.8.0
    # via
    #   gwcs
    #   specutils
    #   stdatamodels
asdf-coordinates-schemas==0.4.0
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-standard==1.3.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-coordinates-schemas
    #   asdf-transform-schemas
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-transform-schemas==0.6.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
    #   stdatamodels
asdf-wcs-schemas==0.5.0
    # via gwcs
asteval==1.0.6
    # via jdaviz
astropy==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/tess/beginner_how_to_use_lc/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/tess/beginner_tour_lc_tp/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/data-access/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/zooniverse_view_lightcurve/requirements.txt
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astroquery
    #   casa-formats-io
    #   glue-astronomy
    #   glue-core
    #   gwcs
    #   jdaviz
    #   lcviz
    #   lightkurve
    #   ndcube
    #   photutils
    #   pyvo
    #   radio-beam
    #   regions
    #   specreduce
    #   spectral-cube
    #   specutils
    #   stdatamodels
astropy-iers-data==0.2025.6.30.0.39.40
    # via astropy
astroquery==0.4.10
    # via
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/data-access/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/lcviz-tutorial/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/tglc/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/zooniverse_view_lightcurve/requirements.txt
    #   jdaviz
    #   lightkurve
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   asdf
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   lightkurve
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
bokeh==3.7.3
    # via lightkurve
boto3==1.38.27
    # via
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/data-access/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/tglc/requirements.txt
botocore==1.38.27
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bqplot==0.12.45
    # via
    #   bqplot-gl
    #   bqplot-image-gl
    #   glue-jupyter
    #   ipyvolume
    #   jdaviz
bqplot-gl==0.0.0
    # via glue-jupyter
bqplot-image-gl==1.7.0
    # via glue-jupyter
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via solara-ui
casa-formats-io==0.3.0
    # via spectral-cube
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   rich-click
    #   solara-server
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via dask
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   casa-formats-io
    #   spectral-cube
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.4.0
    # via glue-core
echo==0.11.0
    # via
    #   glue-core
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   jdaviz
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fast-histogram==0.14
    # via
    #   glue-core
    #   mpl-scatter-density
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fbpca==1.0
    # via lightkurve
filelock==3.18.0
    # via solara-server
fonttools==4.58.5
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
freetype-py==2.5.1
    # via vispy
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   s3fs
glfw==2.9.0
    # via glue-vispy-viewers
glue-astronomy==0.12.0
    # via jdaviz
glue-core==1.22.2
    # via
    #   glue-astronomy
    #   glue-jupyter
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   jdaviz
glue-jupyter==0.24.0
    # via
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   jdaviz
    #   lcviz
glue-vispy-viewers==1.2.3
    # via glue-jupyter
gwcs==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jdaviz
    #   ndcube
    #   specreduce
    #   specutils
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h5py==3.14.0
    # via glue-core
hsluv==5.0.4
    # via vispy
html5lib==1.1
    # via astroquery
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
humanize==4.12.3
    # via solara-ui
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jdaviz
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   dask
    #   keyring
ipydatawidgets==4.3.5
    # via pythreejs
ipygoldenlayout==0.4.0
    # via jdaviz
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jdaviz
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   solara-server
ipympl==0.9.7
    # via glue-jupyter
ipypopout==2.0.0
    # via jdaviz
ipysplitpanes==0.2.0
    # via jdaviz
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   glue-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   glue-jupyter
    #   nbclassic
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipyvolume==0.6.3
    # via glue-jupyter
ipyvue==1.11.2
    # via
    #   glue-jupyter
    #   ipygoldenlayout
    #   ipysplitpanes
    #   ipyvolume
    #   ipyvuetify
    #   jdaviz
    #   solara-ui
ipyvuetify==1.11.3
    # via
    #   glue-jupyter
    #   ipypopout
    #   ipyvolume
    #   jdaviz
    #   solara-ui
ipywebrtc==0.6.0
    # via ipyvolume
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   bqplot-image-gl
    #   glue-jupyter
    #   ipydatawidgets
    #   ipympl
    #   ipypopout
    #   ipyvolume
    #   ipyvue
    #   jdaviz
    #   jupyter-rfb
    #   pythreejs
    #   reacton
    #   sidecar
    #   solara-ui
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.2.1
    # via keyring
jdaviz==4.2.3
    # via lcviz
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   solara-server
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   asdf
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   spectral-cube
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   solara-server
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-rfb==0.5.3
    # via glue-vispy-viewers
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.4
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-rfb
keyring==25.6.0
    # via astroquery
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   vispy
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lcviz==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/lcviz-tutorial/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/tglc/requirements.txt
lightkurve==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/kepler/identifying_transiting_planet_signals/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/kepler/instrumental_noise_4_electronic_noise/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/lcviz-tutorial/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/tglc/requirements.txt
    #   lcviz
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   solara-ui
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/kepler/instrumental_noise_4_electronic_noise/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/tess/beginner_how_to_use_lc/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/tess/beginner_tour_lc_tp/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/data-access/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/tglc/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/zooniverse_view_lightcurve/requirements.txt
    #   glue-core
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   ipympl
    #   ipyvolume
    #   jdaviz
    #   lightkurve
    #   mpl-scatter-density
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
memoization==0.4.0
    # via lightkurve
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mpl-scatter-density==0.8
    # via glue-core
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==1.45.0
    # via bokeh
nbclassic==1.3.1
    # via jdaviz
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   solara-server
ndcube==2.3.2
    # via specutils
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
networkx==3.5
    # via scikit-image
notebook==7.4.4
    # via glue-jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/kepler/identifying_transiting_planet_signals/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/kepler/instrumental_noise_4_electronic_noise/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/tess/beginner_how_to_use_lc/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/mast_notebooks/notebooks/tess/beginner_tour_lc_tp/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/data-access/requirements.txt
    #   -r notebook-repos/tike_content/content/notebooks/tglc/requirements.txt
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astropy
    #   astroquery
    #   bokeh
    #   bqplot
    #   casa-formats-io
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   echo
    #   fast-histogram
    #   glue-core
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   gwcs
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   ipydatawidgets
    #   ipympl
    #   ipyvolume
    #   jupyter-rfb
    #   lcviz
    #   lightkurve
    #   matplotlib
    #   mpl-scatter-density
    #   ndcube
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   photutils
    #   pyerfa
    #   pythreejs
    #   radio-beam
    #   regions
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   solara-ui
    #   specreduce
    #   spectral-cube
    #   specutils
    #   stdatamodels
    #   tifffile
    #   vispy
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via glue-core
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astropy
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   ipykernel
    #   jdaviz
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   scikit-image
    #   spectral-cube
    #   vispy
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   bqplot
    #   glue-core
    #   lightkurve
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
patsy==1.0.1
    # via lightkurve
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
photutils==2.2.0
    # via jdaviz
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   bqplot-image-gl
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   ipyvolume
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   solara-ui
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyerfa==2.0.1.5
    # via astropy
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   solara-ui
pymdown-extensions==10.16
    # via solara-ui
pyopengl==3.1.9
    # via glue-vispy-viewers
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pythreejs==2.4.2
    # via ipyvolume
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyvo==1.7
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   jdaviz
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   astropy
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   jdaviz
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pymdown-extensions
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
radio-beam==0.3.9
    # via spectral-cube
reacton==1.9.1
    # via solara-ui
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regions==0.10
    # via
    #   glue-astronomy
    #   jdaviz
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   ipyvolume
    #   jdaviz
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightkurve
    #   pyvo
    #   solara-ui
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via rich-click
rich-click==1.8.9
    # via solara-server
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3fs==2025.5.1
    # via lightkurve
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   glue-jupyter
    #   jdaviz
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via lightkurve
scipy==1.16.0
    # via
    #   glue-core
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   gwcs
    #   lightkurve
    #   ndcube
    #   photutils
    #   radio-beam
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   specreduce
    #   specutils
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via asdf
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via jupyterlab
shapely==2.1.1
    # via glue-core
sidecar==0.7.0
    # via jdaviz
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
solara==1.49.0
    # via jdaviz
solara-server==1.49.0
    # via solara
solara-ui==1.49.0
    # via
    #   solara
    #   solara-server
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
specreduce==1.4.1
    # via
    #   glue-astronomy
    #   jdaviz
spectral-cube==0.6.6
    # via glue-astronomy
specutils==1.20.3
    # via
    #   glue-astronomy
    #   jdaviz
    #   specreduce
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.47.1
    # via solara-server
stdatamodels==3.1.1
    # via jdaviz
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.6.11
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   lightkurve
    #   spectral-cube
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipyvolume
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jdaviz
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   pythreejs
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipydatawidgets
    #   ipyvolume
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   bqplot-image-gl
    #   ipython
    #   reacton
    #   referencing
    #   rich-click
    #   starlette
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uncertainties==3.2.3
    # via lightkurve
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   lightkurve
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via solara-server
vispy==0.15.2
    # via
    #   glue-vispy-viewers
    #   jdaviz
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via solara-server
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via solara-server
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==15.0.1
    # via solara-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via aiobotocore
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via glue-core
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via bokeh
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
